hello hello friends everyone is back again
on the playlist learn HTML5 with me
sandhika Galih in this blog at
In the 4th episode we will discuss about
audio and video yes friends so
these elements or these technologies constitute
new technologies in HTML5 we will
Let's discuss them one by one. starting with tags
audio so Tego This is a text
or elements that represent sound
or audio stream to create a
This audio element is quite easy
our friends just call
c or write the text then
Write down the attributes that must be present. namely
src or source is where we store it
the audio file then we can add
controls attribute to add
controls for play pause or scroll
yes or make us shift the position
the audio and we can also adjust it
volume in that uses audio captions
like this is enough or if
for example. we want to be more complex
you can insert it into figure text like
which we discussed in the video
Previously we could also insert
Other multimedia elements are images viz
audio yes David caption Then there is audio
These and the audio tags are different
with IMG. yes. if yikan doesn't exist
the lid with audio has a closing tag
Well. in the heart of the audio we can
write text when this audio or
This tag is not supported by the browser
So if the browser doesn't support it
The audio that will appear is written
The browser doesn't support you
guys. we'll try it later
practice writing this audio text
Now let's see what the attributes are
this is all we can use
in this audio text the first of course
we just need this source
The second mandatory attribute is that we can
provide controls so that users can
controlling Saudi Onya using
the default controller. Well. for example
we won't use that control later
Maudio won't function
or controlled using javascript
next there is this preload to create
The audio file is loaded first
run because the default has audio
it is loaded when we press the button
next play there is a topley out for
run audio automatically there
Loop to repeat the audio when
it's reached the end. okay? So if not
use it. forget it. just stop at one
times but if you use Loop later
the audio keeps playing. the last one
Adam n is this for making audio?
there's sound yeah So this is for
The following attributes are several
note for this audio heart
first clear Was used for
run audio files of which there are several
we can use the adion file
first